or phone signals in Gaza have been cut
off of s was saying TK abum managed to
file this message from
conun we are standing now in kanun uh
City uh where there is no any signals
have been uh connected to our phones
everything now is connected is
disconnected we don't have any Internet
we don't have any kind of signals on our
phones we become totally isolated in
their territory all the areas inside the
Gaza Strip are witnessing the same
conditions as we are right now the Gaza
Strip has turned to be an isolated spot
from the world the world now cannot
cannot no longer follow what is
happening on the ground we are now
speaking by uh the uh digital satellites
uh we don't have any kind of
communication even with a new desk I
just keep waving for them in order just
only to see me and to hope that this
message will uh reach them in order to
know guys what is happening on the
ground till this till this current
moment we don't have any kind of signals
in the previous live there was a very
good accessibility to internet and even
to the uh phone's Network just before
just half an hour the internet
connection and even the uh the phone
signals uh network has uh been dropped
and we don't know what what is the clear
reason behind that and we cannot even
know anything about what is happening in
other districts in in the territory
maybe there are a new bombardment took
place in these areas we don't know how
much victims how many victims really
fall due to the Israeli ongoing strikes
we can only hear bombardment everywhere
but we don't know any anything about
about the casualties about the situation
on the ground we don't know anything
also about the medical conditions of
Doctors Medical workers and even the uh
the asifa hospital um the the situation
is is catastrophic right now we cannot
no longer be able to communicate with
the uh International Community to send
our voice to the world to know what is
happening on the ground I hope that this
message might really uh reach and have
an access to the world despite all what
we have experiencing throughout the last
hour we'd like to tell you that uh we
are are now in hospital and we are going
to be live by satellite as much as we
can in every single hour so please guys
if you can hear us send that message to
the world that we are isolated now in
Gaza again guys if you can hear us we
are isolated in the territory we don't
have any phone signals we don't have any
internet connections we found a great
difficulty even to communicate and
contact with our relatives in different
parts of the territory even we don't
know like how what is the situation on
the ground in different areas of the
strip we just only here bombardment we
don't have any kind of of communication
to anyone everyone now is is really
terrified and Afraid journalist here
even the citizens who are inside the
hospital they don't have any access to
their networks they don't have any kind
of communication even with their
neighbors there is a a great uh problem
in the network connections we don't know
how it's ad dropped we don't know even
the situation we don't know even if it
was targeted the ground the situation on
the ground is really terrible everyone
is afraid everyone is terrified please
guys if you can hear us send this
message to to the world that we are
becoming isolated if you can hear us
guys thank you so much